P1. Overview - brief description of myself and the other links i would add

hey! the name's Anna Ortiz! (with cartoon person doing a peace sign)

20 years of age. (in a circle) birthday (also in circle) i love anime

Some places I've been to!

Qatar
(img here)

I've lived here for my whole life!

Brazil
(img here)

Believe it or not I have been here and even met Brother Eli :P

Hong Kong
(img here)

I miss Disneyland ;-;

more here!

Hobbies~

Character Modeling (gif here)

more here!

School History

I've been to a lot of schools :D

PISQ - my first and last school that I went to living in Qatar, while still in face to face set-up.

SIS - First Online School OoO

More here!

Some of my favorites!

Cookie Run Kingdom

HAVE YOU SEEN HOW CUTE THESE CHARACTERS ARE?! LOOK AT THE LITTLE GUY ROLLING!

more of my rambling here😋

P2. Places I have been to - list of places I have been to in Qatar that I could still vaguely remember being to, and adding a small area of information of the places I went to outside of Qatar

Qatar

Brazil
Before I explain some of my experiences, I have to explain what 
- This flight was really close to never happening due to us getting unloaded a bunch of times.

Hong Kong

- Funny story here, maybe not quite funny but a story nonetheless, the reason we were only able to go to Hong Kong was because we were planning on having a second visit to Brazil to celebrate SPBB there. We weren't able to, because we got unloaded a bunch of times that we wouldn't be able to make it with the time crunch we had so we just used the money that's with our agency and changed it to go to Hong Kong instead! It was my first(?) time riding a rollercoaster. It was very exilarating.

Dubai

Bahrain

P3. Hobbies and Activities - things that I love to do in my free time whenever I'm not doing schoolwork

~Character Creation & Story Writing~

I love imagining worlds that are quite far from similar to that of our current world, and creating characters where either they'd struggle in that world or triumph in the hardships they'll encounter. Here are some of the characters I've created and brief descriptions of them.

Lilliana Von Erika Schwitz - Princess of the Schwitz Kingdom, a kingdom mixed with beasts, humans, and human-like beasts in the sense that they have beast-like properties but still have a human body, has memories of two different people in her body, the other being a 30 year old lady happily married with her beloved husband. Her goal is to reunite with that husband of hers as she feels that somehow he also reincarnated in this world with her.

World Lore: A magical world where magic exists, including fictitious monsters such as goblins, orcs, dragons, demons, dwarves, elves and beasts that are able to communicate and think like people that they're able to make civilizations while protecting their homes from invasions or from monster attacks and even befriend humans. Although much of humanity still doesn't accept them due to looking quite different from what they are, but these monsters are able to transform themselves into looking like indistinguishable humans and is living among the people. There are some humans and beasts that married each other and created half-human half-beast like people that they are pushed aside because they aren't what most consider normal. There are three Kingdoms that have emerged, a kingdom only filled with humans as they are quite adamant that monsters must not dwell in their lands, a kingdom filled with only monsters as they too hate the human race for throwing them to the side, and the Schwitz Kingdom, an anomaly being that it exists to bridge both human and beast-alike to become one with the other. All are accepted, just that no one should belittle one another or else the kingdom may be forced to do something to them.

Alicia Jun - a spirit blob that has been far too long disconnected from her original body that was forced into a plastic mannequin to do someone's bidding and work in a dilapidated office in the spirit world. Goal? Escape the eyes of the one that forced them inside the mannequin, and return to their original body that was somehow preserved in the long time they've been gone.

World Lore: Spirit World has a lot of different spirits, and those who are lost from their bodies are turning into dark, inderscernible blobs due to them forgetting about themselves in the long while they've been stuck in the spirit world. It's connected to a bunch of other worlds, as well as the human world that we know of today, which explains how much absurd looking creatures or yokai can exist in this little world.

Yukina - Was a normal student until was given by her grandmother two cards, being the queen of hearts and the queen of diamonds. That card being a magical card that allowed her to transform into a magical girl called The Queen. Also has a counterpart called The King being that the card he had actually flew and smacked his face instead of being handed it to him like Yukina. Her ultimate goal is to get all of the captured cards in the hands of an evil being and become the protector of those cards until her passing.

World Lore: a pack of 52 cards may look uninteresting to the eye but when used together in unusual ways may cause utter chaos as these aren't your normal cards but are magical. The Diamonds having the power of water and subsequently ice, Hearts with the power of fire as it deals with love, Clovers with the power of nature and luck, and Spades with the power of air and strength. May even cause character alteration such as, being too lovable with the chosen partner, too cold to even communicate with, being happy-go-lucky, or just plain wanting to fight someone after beating someone until blue.

:D

~Character Modeling~

As I make the characters and stories, I also imagine how they look like, and since my art skills haven't really improved in a while, I thought I'd dabble in modeling, and an easier start would be to use Vroid studio!

GIFs here

~Playing Video Games~

I'm not one to play violent games, I'm more of a gacha kind of player, like "am I gonna get this certain character or not?" and Cookie Run Kingdom solves that small itch of mine. I won't spend money on it, but I will spend a lot of time to get that certain cookie to 5 stars. 👀(gif of shark spinning)

~Vtubing~

Okay, I'm not going to lie, the only reason why I wanted to dabble in character modeling was the fact that I didn't want to waste money in having someone make me a custom model. And that costs a lot of money. So I went with the cheapest option, which was to make my own. there may be some hints in the previous hobbies about my vtuber identity but i wont be mentioning anything about it in here ;p

P4. School History - Different schools I have studied in and my academic achievements

PISQ

PSD

SIS

LVCC

P5. Favorite Things - descriptions of things i love

Cookie run kingdom

miraculous ladybug

I know what you're thinking to yourself, this is a kids show why would I like this kind of show? Yeah, I ask that question to myself all the time. And the answer is, I really love the concept of the show ;-;

ITS SUCH A GOOD CONCEPT BUT ALL THEY'RE DOING IS FOCUS ON THE ROMANCE AND NOT AT BUILDING THE WORLD THAT IM SO FRUSTRATED. I've rewritten it a bunch of times to suit my tastes and I've got to say I think I've done a great job at it. I won't be putting it here though :D

one piece

this is a GREAT example of a story with GREAT worldbuilding and great characterizations. Luffy may look like a dumb, typical protagonist where his only characteristic is that he eats a lot of food most of the time but the thing is he affects a lot of people with his carefreeness. With a world almost solely controlled by the world government to do their bidding, his freedom of fighting and freeing nations after nations from the oppression they're in is what is good about Luffy. He is the dawn that the world currently needs. There's a lot social issues in One Piece that I'm quite surprised I haven't heard of any teachers using it as a basis for discussing real world happenings.

My Hero Academia
